# Group Meetings
Below is a summary of our past group meetings.  They are organized by year and semester.  After the conclusion of each semester, the lab group meeting coordinator will update this doc accordingly.  Make sure to change the permissions on any slide links to viewer only.

## 2024
### Fall
Group Meeting Coordinator: Ben West
---
| Date | Description| Resources |
|---|---|---|
|9/12 | Graphs of things people were struggling with|[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RIniHipdhxF-_4_mg9qYlf9357ezTv2c/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=115452162442425983102&rtpof=true&sd=true)|
|9/19 | Amanda and Luis practiced talks|| 
|9/26 | Ben and Patricia practiced talks ||
|10/10 | Code skills day |[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16SDBhct6jT44f9N3ZYACEhwsjMSeWWiLY-k0ZDzUCjw/edit?usp=sharing)|
|10/24 | Amanda Comps||
|11/7| Bonnie Colby came and talked about indigenous water rights|[Slides and readings](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1H0BT0IYg1g4QCcXwic-cV8Ao7tXHpXD4)|
|11/14| We shared code we had written that used classes as follow up to 10/10 meeting||
|11/21| Luis defense practice||
|12/5| AGU practice||
|12/19| Winter break goals + one interesting figure|[Slides]https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NGRywf5Sc-WwGmJtXjwgDgaIiv-rVrLSwV9Q0pSZDxc/edit?usp=sharing|

## 2023
### Spring
Group Meeting Coordinator: Patricia Puente

---
| Date | Description| Resources |
|---|---|---|
|2/2 | Two Slide Research Updates and Discussion on the Salton Sea|[Slides for the Salton sea](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1okXl2uCZkjAwDyEGZVVsKJWZ8Tddt-3f/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=104873212690310383662&rtpof=true&sd=true)|
|2/9 | Laura Practice Presentation|| 
|2/23 | One Slide Research Updates ||
|3/2 | Planet Data Product and Resources with Patricia Puente |[Slides for Planet  Demonstration](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SQTf9sU2rx2b_OOWzVndSW0T6pAXu0ojHi1sOGlaTT4/edit#slide=id.g214b1b0f435_0_55)|
|3/16 | Planet APIs and Basemaps demo with Daniel Luna |[Slides for Planet API Demonstration](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O4L9wwFIlB7TUeVAkopre1496MyrQUSb4eiZ7Osnyck/edit?usp=sharing)|
|4/6 | One Slide Research Updates||
|5/11| Building a Website with Patricia Puente|[Slides for Website Building](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1O4L9wwFIlB7TUeVAkopre1496MyrQUSb4eiZ7Osnyck/edit?usp=sharing)|

### Fall
Group Meeting Coordinator: Danielle Tadych

---
| Date | Description| Resources |
|---|---|---|
|9/7| Discussed an article on declining global water storage | [Satellites reveal widespread decline in global lake water storage](https://www.science.org/doi/10.1126/science.abo2812)
|9/21| Writing Assignment
|9/28| Debugging how-to's, best practices, and resources with Ben West|[Link for Debugging Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1pbHDGy_aB3Bl5XSlJ9Icu0WYJSqfNizTkJUnarAr658/edit?usp=sharing)
|10/12| Website Workshopping Day with Patricia
|10/19| Picture Day and Paper Discussion of an article about ChatGPT and its applications to the Natural Sciences|[ChatGPT in Hydrology and Earth Sciences: Opportunities, Prospects, and Concerns](https://doi.org/10.1029/2023WR036288)
|10/26| Research Updates|
|11/9| How Read the Docs works and division of tasks with Will and Laura
|11/16| Author of Brave the Wild River, Melissa Vesigny, Q&A

